hello my friends thanks for stopping by
this is going to be probably video six
maybe I think I just did video five
which was the serums video six is gonna
be all about the lips I do try to pay
close attention to my lips because you
all know how much I hate the lines
around my lips and they are just I if
there's anything on my face that bothers
me more it's this area here and it's
it's all this right around the mouth
area bothers me the most on camera I
think you can pick up some of the lines
on the top amendment but you cannot pick
up the amount of lines that I have on
the bottom of my mouth and why are they
so irritating well they make you look
older for one and also all lipstick I I
would love to be able just to wear lip
gloss sometimes but it just runs right
down into all the lines so anyway so
let's talk about some products I've been
using for lips I'm going to show you all
that I use this won't be a very long
video because I don't use a whole lot of
lip products but I do I do pay attention
of course all the serums that I use
everything that I use on my face i also
put over my lips in addition to what I'm
going to show you
when Michelle was working Michelle Phan
makeup MLC was working at Neiman Marcus
she they had the revive line so a revive
Raviv however you want to call it and I
ordered it it's very expensive
and it was a two-step lip process I
still would have some left
I used it very religiously when I first
got it and I think I was a little
disappointed and but now I've started to
use it again because the company from
janu reformulated their little tool and
you can now use it with other
antioxidants and serums as long as
you're using their gel over it so I
begun to use this again this is not a
product that I will probably ever buy
again like I said it was very pricey but
I felt I would come and talk about it
someone may like to try it and I'll just
tell you my thoughts on it it's a to
process and one of them is to address
the vertical lines on the outer part of
the lips I will say the time I used it I
saw absolutely no change using this
product now again I'm going to finish it
up using the June with it and see if I
see anything okay this one treats the is
targeted for the vertical lines around
the lips it's a very lightweight cream
emulsion that you just rub in around
your lips and I didn't see any
difference none okay and then this one
here is to be used on the actual lips
and this is the intensive volumizing lip
serum absolutely no volume no note at
all with this none and it came with a
brush you roll it up you put it on no
value at all nothing now I don't know
exposed to hyaluronic acid in and all
that kind of stuff I don't know if with
continued use of this product that it
would but I didn't even see a temporary
okay so I was a little bit but like I
said I'm using it now with the jus and
I'm going to see if I stand it if it's
using the janu because ingenue actually
is like an ultrasound and it pushes
serums into your mouth them or your eyes
wherever you want to use it I'm using it
everywhere okay so those two lip
products are to that and I would love to
know if someone else has tried it to
work because it did nothing for me okay
I always use a lip balm at night always
my sweet friend Joelle just sent me a
whole bunch of lip balms that we can't
get here and they're all in two form I
love the two forms because I can put
them everywhere in the house and just
whip them on this one is by knux and it
is their lip moisturizing stick with
honey and sunflower we all know that
honey has its own healing powers I love
this it's smells there must be a little
lemon in here it smells so good and it's
just your lipstick type balm and I love
it at nighttime and that's what I'm
using at night now I do use a different
lip balm during the day
and I can't help myself and I know
people that say that's nothing but my
Vaseline well it does feel like Vaseline
but no it doesn't even feel like
Vaseline it feels like heaven on your
lips it is $50 for the container it
lasts a very long time it tastes
wonderful it leaves your lips feeling
fabulous it does not interfere with
lipstick application lip line or
anything like that I put this on right
after I brush my teeth and I leave it on
to prepare my lips for my makeup
application and this is probably no
kidding
my third third jar of it and I have a
backup because you know they might
discontinued something I love it is
baila Mara but it's supposed to have
their super potent serum in it and I
love this bomb love love love it love it
it's just smells fabulous it's just a
beautiful bomb and I'm telling you even
when my lipstick wears off during the
day this bomb is still there so I love
that one other thing I always have and
I've had different flavors but this is
my most favorite the black velvet cherry
is the lip scrub by sarah hat I always
do a little bit of lip scrub a couple
times a week before I put on my creams
lip balms whatever and it just helps to
exfoliate any loose skin that's on your
lips if you have very pili lips be very
careful when you're using the exfoliant
you can make your own sugar and olive
oil be very careful when you're using it
split if you exfoliate too much you will
make them raw because that skin
underneath is fresh new skin and it's
raw when you scrub too hard but that's
what I do to prepare my lips I think we
should all pay attention to our lips
because there's nothing worse than
having crack crack scaly lips and you
put your lips down because it makes you
look like old lady we don't want to look
like a lady tell me what lip balm
products you're using it you like and
any any fancy Dancy products you may
have used that really worked on lip
lines many people ask me what works
around lip lines I have found nothing
and that's why I am resorting to Botox
for my lip lines
I will never have my lips injected to
make them fuller but I may have it a
little bit of filler injected where it
flows down into those lip lines if they
don't respond to Botox but that's I'm
just saying okay I'll let you know if I
ever do that though thanks for stopping
by don't forget subscribe rant age and
your be happy be healthy be beautiful
and most of all my friends be lovable I
love you all resume my friends be zhuzh